Context and Problem
  Web applications typically include some elements of static content.
  This static content might include HTML pages and other resources such as images and documents that are available to the client, either as part of an HTML page 
  
Solution
  In most cloud hosting environments, you can put some of an application's resources and static pages in a storage service. 
  The storage service can serve requests for these resources, reducing load on the compute resources that handle other web requests.
  The cost for cloud-hosted storage is typically much less than for compute instances.

  When hosting some parts of an application in a storage service, the main considerations are related to deployment of the application and to securing
  resources that aren't intended to be available to anonymous users.
  
Issues and considerations
  The hosted storage service must expose an HTTP endpoint that users can access to download the static resources.
  For maximum performance and availability, consider using a content delivery network (CDN) to cache the contents of the storage container in multiple datacenters around the world. 
   However, you'll likely have to pay for using the CDN.
 Storage accounts are often geo-replicated by default to provide resiliency against events that might affect a datacenter. 
   This means that the IP address might change, but the URL will remain the same.
 When some content is located in a storage account and other content is in a hosted compute instance, it becomes more challenging to deploy and update the application. 
   You might have to perform separate deployments.
 
 When to use this pattern

  Minimizing the hosting cost for websites and applications that contain some static resources.
  Minimizing the hosting cost for websites that consist of only static content and resources. Depending on the capabilities of the hosting provider's storage system,
   it might be possible to entirely host a fully static website in a storage account.
   
 This pattern might not be useful
 
  The application needs to perform some processing on the static content before delivering it to the client. 
    For example, it might be necessary to add a timestamp to a document.
    The volume of static content is very small. The overhead of retrieving this content from separate storage
      can outweigh the cost benefit of separating it out from the compute resource.
